# ExpressMapper.NetStandard
A netstandard 2.0 compiled version of ExpressMapper

A test to see if ExpressMapper could compile on top of netstandard 2.0. There are no code changes here, with the original code taken from the `ExpressMapper NETCORE` project in the original solution. I wanted a very simple solution / project, so although it's a shame to loose the git commit history, it was more important to me to just have a very clean solution, started over from scratch (the current projects / solution couldn't even open without version upgrade by VS 2017, there are a ton of projects, which netstandard version could slay them all if it is viable, going forward). All the thanks goes to the original maker: Yuriy Anisimov (anisimovyuriy), see: http://www.expressmapper.org/, https://github.com/fluentsprings/ExpressMapper/). The point of this was simply to see if ExpressMapper was a safe investment for myself moving forward, namely, by seeing if it runs well and without problems on netcore, hopefully even simply on netstandard, which it does! The original code carried over with no changes. To compile with a vanilla new netstandard 2.0 project, only thing needed was to add a nuget reference to `Microsoft.CSharp`, that was it. 

I also carried over one of the test projects, and that worked as well (here I simplified things by putting all testing code into one project -- the original solution had many test projects for different frameworks). I believe I took the test code from `ExpressMapper.Tests NETCORE` project. All 111 tests represented ran and passed without a hitch.

As with all of us, I still need to see this working with current projects I have, mostly on full fx. So I haven't started using this version in my own projects yet, as there are still ridiculous problems with full fx framework referencing netstandard projects, which ... I won't even go there, it's beyond frustration, but once that pie in the sky scenario works (which was supposed to be the whole point of netstandard eh?), I'll feel confident then that ExpressMapper is fully ready for the future.

Let me reiterate that this was just a test. But, if someone wants to run with this feel free to of course.